yeah YouTube so on display here in front
of you my newly-acquired crankbaits
by storm lowers their the wiggle warts
they are not the original originals from
before Rapala bottom but i got them
pretty at a pretty good price on special
so I decided to buy them to round out my
tackle my tackle box I've never had any
well I guess in my lake the deep diving
crankbaits they go about 7 to 18 feet
for the normal wiggle works the three
here are the mag warts and they can go a
little deeper 13 to 24 feet I'll start
off with mag warts this one here it's
the creek craw
it's two and three-quarter inch
three-quarter ounce for the weight and
they can swim 13 to 24 feet it's a nice
color nice rattle
this one here the Mossback crop sure
idaltu and this one it's the brown scale
crawdad
and these mag warts come I believe these
are size 2 treble hooks because the
Bailey fit my dialect treble hook covers
which can go from size 2 to size 6 so
yeah so nice I like this color and on
the here the this side I'll start off
with it's a wiggle wart the original
it's the 2 inch size it's 3/8 ounce and
you can dive or swim to 7 to 18 feet and
this is the hot tiger color
this one is the orange metallic
chartreuse PEX color these have the size
for trouble hooks this one's the brown
scale crawdad color so when's the
watermelon rattles in there too and then
I went for two silvery colors this one
is the tennessee shad
and this one is the silver chartreuse
tip with the wiggle warts they came with
the fast lock snaps instead of an o-ring
that's pretty cool
snap on your line there the mag wart had
this massive bow ring here I don't know
what size that is but it's pretty big
it's a pretty big lure I never had a
crankbait this big before but hopefully
it'll do the job well I mean they're
pretty affordable as well they were like
three there were 350 each instead of
like I think they were five bucks or
something but yep these are my new
acquired crank baits and looking forward
to using them this actually very soon so
check you guys later thanks for watching
bye